The Shepherd's voice.
At that time, the Feast of
Dedication took place at Jerusalem.
It was winter, and Jesus was walking
in the temple in the ade of Solomon
till the Jews gathered around him and
said to him, how long will you keep
us in suspense if you are the Christ?
Tell us plainly.
Jesus answered them.
I told you, and you do not believe.
The works that I do in my father's
name, bear witness about me,
but you do not believe because
you are not among my sheep.
My sheep hear my voice and I
know them, and they follow me.
I give them eternal life and they
will never perish, and no one
will snatch them outta my hand.
My father, who has given them to me is
greater than all, and no one is able
to snatch him out of the father's hand.
I and the father are one.
John 10 22 through 30.
Our Lord is so amazing, beautiful,
powerful, lovely, breathtaking,
unfathomable, and unexplainable.
Only he could speak the
words he said and mean them.
Holy, holy, holy, holy,
holy is the Lord Our God.
Jesus is Lord.
This song below explains it well.
After you're done reading, check
it out on YouTube link below.
Hope is still work.
House fires.
God good.
Good Father featuring Fat Barat
official music video available below.